It's over.
God, is Gu Nuannuan really plagiarizing?
Ruin my three views
Gu Qianqian, I apologize to you.
I'm sorry, I'm too arbitrary about this money.
Thank you for proving it to me.
Now that the truth comes out
Then we should give the award to the real
His talent
Although this competition has gone through twists and turns
But our design community has welcomed a
An excellent dark horse designer
Let's invite Gu Qingqing
Bu Qingqing, you ruined everything for me
I'm having a hard time
You can't have a good time.
You have no idea about his sordid past
He's just grown up with wild men
And gave birth to a stillborn baby
He doesn't deserve to be here